gNOI-3.3: add new subtests for configuration convergence (#2830)
openconfig/featureprofiles: feature/gnoi/system/tests/supervisor_switchover_test/README.md

## Procedure

> *   Basic Switchover
>     *   Issue gnoi.SwitchControlProcessor to the chassis with dual supervisor,
>         specifying the path to choose the standby RE/SUP.
>     *   Ensure the SwitchControlProcessorResponse has the new active supervisor as
>         the one specified in the request.
>     *   Validate the standby RE/SUP becomes the active after switchover
>     *   Validate that all connected ports are re-enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  gNOI-3.3.1 Basic Switchover
    *   Issue gnoi.SwitchControlProcessor to the chassis with dual `CONTROLLER_CARD`,
        specifying the path to choose the standby RE/SUP.
    *   Ensure the SwitchControlProcessorResponse has the new active `CONTROLLER_CARD` as
        the one specified in the request.
    *   Validate the standby `CONTROLLER_CARD` becomes the active after switchover
    *   Validate that all connected ports are re-enabled.
```

*   Configuration consistent after switchover
    *   Get the configuration before switchover.
    *   Perform and validate switchover using the process outlined above.
    *   Get configuration after switchover and validate that it matches the pre-switchover configuration.

*  Configuration convergence after switchover
    *   Perform and validate switchover using the process outlined above.
    *   Push a large configuration

>     *   Get the configuration and validate that it is accepted whithin 60 seconds.

Reviewer: I think these steps should be moved to gNMI-1.19?

I think this portion of the test is duplicate with gnmi-1.19?   The implementation should probably be moved here instead:

https://github.com/openconfig/featureprofiles/blob/64388db0ea85c18ed6e556324dc8f2dcc643ddfb/feature/platform/controllercard/tests/SetRequest_controll_card_switchover/README.md?plain=1#L1

Author: Ack. Will close this and open a new PR for gNMI-1.19.
